spring of 1961 the united states sent a chimpanzee into space
then I was there in tarrasa with the oscars
President Kennedy moves to the White House
and reindeer the fort a weekend and then dollars to try their new
system to beat the white house
first of april 1961
it may be the day of the innocents but forti kimel our joking
when he started his kingdom assault
years of research and weeks of training are summarized in a table a
project and a deck of cards
good luck
your sponsor the partner of the mafia and high gambler mannequin is a thousand
few steps of
waiting to see the results with their own eyes ford wants to duplicate
the 10 thousand dollars of chimera is very much at stake
if he loses he will be the laughingstock of the mathematical world if they win he installs himself with the
mafia
good luck
the minsa slowly
even so you run into problems
almost immediately the letters the pulse
I knew I could lose a lot before I got a lot of it is the nature of the system
however it was my money that was delivering to the casino what yes
11 15 pm we reached a point where we
I was losing about 900 to a thousand dollars
everyone wins
now playing with Ford advantage so change the momentum
Baghdad Iraq
very well
I'm going to shuffle while playing, they started shuffling more and more and more so
soon we are shuffling when there were still forty cards in the deck and that
I only managed to play two hands but I was still winning
and while bigger
the casino more you notice it
I lost too much
it's my money darling
it seems that today is a day of luck
and
with these tiring I do not think you're having a good night of agreement
ntx
efe
good luck - political class
and they kept falling with customers and shuffling
and there was widespread panic in the casino
11 45 pm
How are you today
very well and you well thank you
chelsea
zhouqu earns $ 600 the equivalent of almost four thousand dollars in money
current
casino staff begins to panic
they do not know what has hit them
they are confused if forum that is cheating have no idea how
by the way this table is closed because it is doing we are playing
which ascribes that I'm sorry you should take your friend to leave
all and that if we go
so after about 45 minutes they had enough and they kicked me out
they go to other casinos and each one looks like a pattern
12 15 allen
he has a good reason
the house throws
at that time things were controlled by gangsters were not going to
allow someone here united houses
about 45 countries
when the news about quimilí spreads, his young friend becomes more and more
difficult to find a place to play
even though these are not being anything except use their ingenuity the casinos
they can expel any player even if they only suspect that they
trap and that's precisely what the casinos suspect is happening
it was not going very well, the professor is still winning and we had achieved something
of money but if you can not cure you can not win
the coalition that the professor presides over wants to win and win a lot of wen
is about to collapse the great fortis experiment will be signed before
I can prove it
Duke your system works
mosimane who can do something like that